we have had enough chanted people in
habima square in central Tel
Aviv thousands of them protesting
against the government of bamin
Netanyahu and calling for new
elections J Nev says Netanyahu is using
the war on Gaza to hold on to power the
goals of this war were never defined
we're never defined in a way that we can
say they were achieved they weren't
achieved so that means this war can go
on forever as long as it serves
somebody's purpose and that is the
person that you've been talking about
that it serves his purpose to continue
this war indefinitely and people are
dying on both sides most people here
continue to support the war on Hamas but
the fact that these protests are ongoing
shows that there's some serious
questioning of Benjamin nanyu and his
leadership many people here say that in
order for Israel to remain United nanyu
has to go
a few blocks away in hostage Square in
front of the ministry of Defense
thousands called on the government to do
more to get the captives
released and in CA where netanyahu's
residence is located there was tension
between protesters and the
police many say they have stopped
believing that the government's strategy
will get their loved ones held in Gaza
back
[Music]
home in haa Jews and Arabs came together
to demand a
ceasefire following pressure from the
high court of justice the police agreed
to allow an anti-war protest for the
first time since Israel's attack on Gaza
began so I'm calling all those
governments all the world leader start
supporting Israel with no condition and
but unlimited support send us Aid send
us Aid of reconciliation Aid of Peace
Aid of share initiatives between Jews
Arab Israelis and
Palestinians the reasons to be on the
streets in Israel are many these days
and the objectives vary from one place
to
another but they all add to the pressure
on a government that seems to be getting
weaker as the war goes on the aljas
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer